docs: add extension dev and testing docs (#19156)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/architecture/sourcegraph-extensions.md

- Update the UI for platforms that you want this feature to support:
	- Sourcegraph web app. [See how the file decorations UI has been implemented](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@79b7780a76bf93d4f153b3e5657013ca6f820d06/-/blob/client/web/src/repo/tree/TreePage.tsx#L198-213).
	- Code host integrations. [See how the line decorations UI has been implemented](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@79b7780/-/blob/client/browser/src/shared/code-hosts/shared/codeHost.tsx#L1039-1094).

### Testing

- [Sideload](../../../extensions/authoring/local_development.md) an extension that uses the new feature to manually test it.
	- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/commands/npm-link)/[yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/link/) link to use the latest type definitions in your extension project

> - Write the appropriate automated tests to help prevent regresssions. Refer to our [general](http://localhost:5080/dev/background-information/testing_web_code) and [extensions platform](#how-we-test-the-extensions-platform) testing guides.

Author: ```suggestion
- Write the appropriate automated tests to help prevent regresssions. Refer to our [general](http://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/testing_web_code) and [extensions platform](#how-we-test-the-extensions-platform) testing guides.
```
